---
layout: page
title: The Location
permalink: /location/
menu-rank: 4
---

{% include mapscript.html %}

<div class="map" data-address="Marina de Badalona, Badalona, Spain"></div>
The ESA Cup 2016 will be held at the Marina de Badalona near Barcelona, Spain.
The harbour is located 12 min by car/coach from downtown Barcelona.

## Barcelona

Barcelona is the capital city of the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain
and Spain's second most populated city. Its urban area extends beyond the
administrative city limits with a population of around 4.7 million people, being
the sixth-most populous urban area in the European Union and the largest
metropolis on the Mediterranean Sea.

The city is one of the world's leading tourist, economic, trade fair and
cultural centers, and its influence in commerce, education, entertainment,
media, fashion, science, and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the
world's major global cities.

Founded as a Roman city, Barcelona has a rich cultural heritage and is today an
important cultural center and a major tourist destination. Particularly renowned
are the architectural works of Antoni Gaudí and Lluís Domènech i Montaner, which
have been designated UNESCO World Heritage Sites. The city is known for hosting
the 1992 Summer Olympics and many other international sport tournaments.

## Badalona

Badalona is a town near Barcelona and part of its metropolitan area. It is
situated on the left bank of the small Besòs River and on the Mediterranean Sea,
backed by the Serra de la Marina mountain range.

The town was founded by the Romans in the 3rd century BC, with the name of
Baetulo. The current Badalona was formed in the 10th century, as a new urban
nucleus built over and around the old Roman city. It was one of the most
important towns during the Spanish industrialization process, from the 19th
century onwards. Today, Badalona is in the middle of a process of major urban
change which will provide one of the challenges for the 21st century.

----
Text adapted from the Wikipedia article on
[Barcelona](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barcelona#Seaport) 
and [Badalona](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Badalona)
